Modified installation steps (#98)
Girl-Code-It/Opportunity-Calendar-Frontend: README.md

<h2 align="center">Install</h2>

```
Step 1: Fork the project.

Step 2: Clone it to your local system.

Step 3: Check if Node is installed in your Operating system.

a) To check if Node is installed, open the command prompt or similar command line tool and type 'node -v'. This should print a version number which means Node is successfully installed.

b) If you see an error, it means that Node is not installed in your OS. You can download Node.js from 'https://nodejs.org/en/download/'. After completing the installation repeat the part (a) of step 3.

> Step 4: On command prompt under your cloned folder directory path, run '$npm install' to install all the dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 4: On command prompt under your cloned folder directory path, run 'npm install' to install all the dependencies.
```

> Step 5: Finally run '$npm start' to start the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 5: Finally run 'npm start' to start the application.
```

<h2 align="center">Guidelines for GSSOC Participants</h2>

We are glad to have your contributions to the project, Please make sure to read the following guidelines for the contributors.

> ### Community

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Community
```
